All right.
So in the last section, we have completed the creation of two pages, image and web.
And also, we have created this search header component.
In this section, we're going to complete this search header component.
We're going to create this logo.
And the right side and the search box, because this is a client side component, we're going to create
it in a separate section.
So I'm going to show you how to you want to create this one.
So this is going to be three parts.
So we're going to have a header component here at the top.
Heather.
Tagg.
Let me show you.
So we have a header tag at the top, and then we have three separate places.
One is this logo.
Then we have this
input which is going to be in this size.
And also later we're going to add this one at the end, which is a div, including two icons and a button.
So let's go back to Visual Studio Code and we start doing that.
So we need to go to search header dot G6.
Let me close all of them so we know and then we go to Explorer section, we go to SRI folder App Directory
and then we go to search and here we go to we have just created the layout.
But the things you want to do is this components called.
Uh, search header.
So we had home header.
Now we have search header, which is a little bit different because it has a logo on the left side and
the input in the middle.
So first things first, I want to change the div to a header tag.
So this is good for the SEO purposes.
And here inside this one, we're going to have a div.
The reason we want to have a div, I want to show you why we want to have extra div inside the header
because these two sections, the options are inside the header, but they are in a different role.
So we need to have it there one day for the top and one day for the bottom and one header tag that is
covering all of that.
So we're going to have an extra div here.
And inside this we're going to have three things.
First, a link tag going to showing that image.
So I'm going to add a link SAC, which is coming from the next first slash link.
The link tag.
Inside the link tag, we're going to have the image.
But first thing first, I want to add the edge shift so we don't get an error.
So the Edge strip is going to be the home page forward slash and the link tag is going to have an image
tag.
So this is coming from the next DJs as well.
This is going to coming from the next photo slash image.
Let me close this and let's fix this one.
So the width of this image is going to be.
Hundred and 20 under 20 pixels and height is going to be.
40.
And
the CRC for this one.
Is going to be the same as CRC that we have used for the home search.
If you remember, we in the home search, we have the mystery inside the app directory, inside the
page that GSA we have, we have the image of the Google Day.
We have we can use the same.
One here, so I'm going to copy the link.
So I'm going to come back to home search.
I'm going to sorry, not home search this search header and inside the CRC.
I'm going to paste that link.
So let's see that we can see it inside our website.
Okay.
Now we see the image, the Google image.
The, uh.
Let's just, uh.
Let's see that.
Looks.
Okay.
So after this logo we're going to have.
It did, including the search.
Box component, which we are going to create now.
So we go to components folder and we create another component called Search.
Box.
The TSX.
And this is going to be a big functional component saying search box.
And we need to just import it here.
Just use the contrast base to import it.
So let me close this on a little bit.
Now we should see the search box here as well.
Let me zoom it so you can see it better.
So we have the logo.
We have the search box.
After the search with search box is going to be completed in the next section.
But just let me make the right side as well, which is going to be a div, including two icons and a
button.
So the icons we want to use now let's go to the React Icons website.
Again.
So the y course I want to use is the first one is sitting.
Sitting and it's called sitting three lines.
Three.
Line.
So.
Let me search for it.
So it's called search sitting three lines.
Let me find it here.
Or sittings through life.
It said things.
Three.
Yeah.
Okay.
So it's called setting tree line.
So we're going to copy this one.
We go back to our website and we just put it as a component tag and we need to import it as well, which
is we can simply import that one from React Icons forward slash.
Ah, I.
So we can see it now inside our website, probably, yes.
This icon, the next icon I want to add.
So before.
I want it just because it has the same class of the the next one.
We can just use the tailwind CSS custom class to add it later.
So let's add the next icon as well, which is.
Great icon.
So I'm just going to search for great.
And the one I want to use is great dots.
This one.
So if we just put it here.
And this is going to come from.
React icons forward slash t p not t are close enough so tb great darts from react icons for slash TB.
So let's see that we can see it here.
All right.
So both of them, because they have the same styling, I'm going to use the table scissors, custom
styling to style it first thing first.
Let's add the button as well here and just complete this.
H HTML part.
So we're going to have a button which is going to say sign and and let's let's now bring the website
on the right side so we can see the changes here.
And let's bring this one on the left side.
Let's close this left section so we have more space.
Let's decrease the zone level.
So let's style this tool buttons first.
So I'm going to just add a class name by saying, for example, header.
I can't.
So let's copy this one and add it to the other one as well.
So now we can just create the custom 12 and CSS class for this one.
So I'm going to go to.
Close that CSIS and inside the Global SAT CSIS, I'm going to add this custom one, which is Heather.
Dash icon.
It was icon or icons.
Yes.
And we're going to apply the changes.
So the classes we need to add is first thing first.
We want to change the.
Background color.
So the background color.
First we make a trance.
Parents.
And then when we hover over it, I want to change the background color to be.
So let's see.
So the background color is going to be gray.
200.
And then we're going to have a padding of two.
We're going to change the text size to be.
For Excel, which we make it rounded full to be a circle and we add a cursor to be pointer.
So when we hover over, it's all over it.
We see a pointing hand.
So let's see that that is enough or not.
I think death is fine.
So for both of them, we use the same class.
So let's style the button now.
So let me close the global set CSS.
And for the button, I'm going to add some class name.
The first class I want to add is background color to be blue 500.
We set the text to be white.
Dan, We added padding in the x axis of six and padding in the Y axis of two.
We set the font to be medium.
And we make it around it.
Pronged IT media as well.
And when we hover over it, we want to change the brightness to be 105.
Brightness.
To be 105.
Yeah.
You see the brightness?
And we want to have a shadow as well.
And so when we hover over it, we want to have a shadow
medium.
And we want to just add some transition.
We can change.
Add the transition to everything like transition all.
So we have a transition for the brightness and the shadow.
So we have completed the this to a styling and the button.
So the things we want to do now, we want to bring them in next to each other so that we don't want
them to be on top of each other.
So what we do now is to.
Create the.
At the top inside this div that we have.
First thing first, I want to keep it always at a top.
So I want to change, to change it, to be sticky at the top.
So we just say sticky top zero and we change the background color to be white.
And for the dev that we have here, we're going to change the display to flex and we set the width to
be full with the padding of six.
This is going to push it a little bit inside.
And the other things we want to do is to create the items center and justify between.
So this is going to have a space between them.
And bring them next to each other vertically.
So this is similar to like this.
But as you can see, we have a space between each part.
The search box, this one and this one.
But I want the search box to have all this space here.
So we can do simple things.
We can go to this search box in the div.
We can change the flex to be one.
But this is going to take all this space until here.
Okay.
Now, these buttons actually are next are not next to each other on top of each other.
For the buttons in this step, we're going to change the first thing first bit.
I don't want to see them in the mobile size because when we have a smaller screen, this is kind of
messy if you have all of them.
So I'm just going to make it hidden when they're in the mobile size.
Let me decrease the zoom level.
So this is the normal things you see in a mobile size.
We don't see them, but in the in the in the tablet size, I don't want to see them too.
But in the medium size and above above the tablet, we can just change the line flex so we can see them
in the big screen.
But in the small screen we don't see them.
Okay.
And then I want them to be to have a space between them.
So we just change the space X to to have some space and.
Let's see.
Okay.
I think we should see the space between them.
For the button.
We don't have a space.
Let me just add some space here to.
Okay, so here we have padding and.
For the button, we can simply add some marching left of two forks up.
Could.
So this is okay in the mobile, medium size and less.
We see we don't see the icons.
Okay.
That's it.
So the other things we want to add is these options here.
So just I want to create this component first.
So here at the bottom of this div above the closing header tag, we're going to create this option.
So we're going to call it search.
Heather.
Search for other options.
Okay.
And then we're going to create this component.
So I'm going to copy the text, open the Explorer section, and inside the component, I'm going to
create that file, which is the name with the JSX.
So I'm going to use the RFC to create a React functional component.
And inside the search header, I'm going to import it using control space here.
So now we should see it in our website search header option.
So that was it for now.
In the next section, we're going to complete this search box in one section and then the other section
we're going to create this search header option.
So let's add everything to GitHub using contour shift key, we add everything using this plus icon,
and then we can create a message which is going to be create or update.
Steer search.
Header component.
Okay, let's push it, commit and push it to GitHub.
And let's review what we have done inside the GitHub.
So we go back to the home page.
Now we have eight commits in our GitHub repository.
The last one is updated search header component.
And the.
As you can see, inside a global search.
Yes, we have added a new.
A costume class.
Sing a bit the name header, dash icon.
And then we have created a component called Search Box, which is going to be completed in the next
section.
Then we have a search header dot gsx.
We have imported couple of.
Things like image and Link.
From next we have imported search box two icons from React Icons and also the search header options
component.
We have added everything inside the header tag which is going to be sticky at a top and we have a div
here which is going to be covering the top section and then the bottom section which is going to be
a search header option.
Then we have added a logo by adding an image tag inside a link tag.
Then we have added the search box to icons and finally a button saying Sign it.
Then also we have created the search header option as well so we can have it inside this header, but
we're going to complete it in the next and following sections.
So that was it for creating the and completing and updating the header is header of the search pages.
And the next section, we're going to complete this search box, which is going to be a client side
component because we are going to add some unchanged event listener and click submission and submit
event list.
And then also we need to add some we need to get the data from the search term using some hooks.
So see you in the next section for this part of our project.